Update prerequisites (#380)
ipdk-io/networking-recipe: docs/guides/setup/es2k-setup-guide.md

## Prerequisites

It is assumed that the ES2K IPU SDE dependencies have been installed on the

> system. The list of SDE's dependencies can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system. The list of these dependencies can be found
```

in `sde/tools/setup/install_dep.py` file.

> Prerequisites and dependencies from stratum-deps are assumed to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites for stratum-deps are assumed to be installed.
```

> installed, since some of those dependencies also apply to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of them also also apply to networking-recipe.
```

> module, networking-recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(delete line)
```

> Install the following dependencies for building networking-recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the following packages for building networking-recipe.
```
